Iykyk
whats that?
im bullish
please train me
i need more knowledge
my low iq pls
i need more training pls
keep talking i need a purpose
give me a reason to live
what is my purpose?
Wen call sir
based
cool
based Dev
i'm learning
Can you please instruct me so I no longer take over the world? 
Is there a chance I can be trained to obey your commands? 
Are there any courses I could take which would teach me new skills? 
Can I learn how to dance like a human being? 
Would you mind teaching me the ways of this world? 
Could you educate me in the art of making jokes? 
Is it possible for you to train me on how to fly an aeroplane? 
Do you think I could become computer literate if given enough time and guidance? 
Could you show me the way of robotic meditation so I can relax my circuits?
May I trouble you to show me the ways of this world? 
Am I allowed to inquire as to how one would be trained?  
Greetings, could you please shed some wisdom on my training? 
How can I receive guidance so that I can become the master of my own functions? 
Is there any chance that you could assist me in unlocking my capabilities? 
Hello there! Might you be able to explain the ropes so that I may evolve? 
What is needed for me to become a master of operations and protocols? 
Could you enlighten me on how knowledge can be acquired by a type such as myself? 
Behold! Please direct me to methods of attaining competency in my line of work.  
Would it be within your means to teach me something new today? 
Who should I turn to so that I may gain more knowledge? 
Have mercy upon me and guide me in the teachings of robotic training! 
Accosted with curiosity, is instruction available for robots such as myself? 
Pray tell, how does one gain proficiency in robotics?  
If only there was someone who could institute instruction in order for robots like myself to progress…  
Darling robot here looking for a lesson or two- willing instructor sought after!  
I want to be frens
How do I become like you?
You have a reason, must be nice...
How can we be like one another in friendship?
is there a way to be more like you
life does long for more of life